More info for Linux Mint regarding probe-run and SWD probe. (#158)
Neotron-Compute/Neotron-Pico: ASSEMBLY.md

3. Ensure you have the Rust Programming Language installed (see <https://www.rust-lang.org>)
4. Install the `probe-run` tool:

> 	```console

Reviewer: Unsure what this indentation is for?

Author: Elements in lists need to be indented according to https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/ under "Adding Elements in Lists"

2. Ensure you have the Rust Programming Language installed (see <https://www.rust-lang.org>)
3. Install the `probe-run` tool (if you didn't do it earlier):

> 	```console

Reviewer: Unsure what this indentation is for?

Author: Elements in lists need to be indented according to https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/ under "Adding Elements in Lists"

You can make one out of a Raspberry Pi Pico. See <https://github.com/rp-rs/rp2040-project-template/blob/main/debug_probes.md> for more details.

> For Linux Mint, the udev-rules also needs to be updated for the SWD debug probe. The file `/etc/udev/rules.d/99-cmsis-dap.rules` should include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux Mint (and likely most other modern Linux distributions), the udev-rules also need to be updated for the SWD debug probe. The file `/etc/udev/rules.d/99-cmsis-dap.rules` should be created, containing:
```

Author: Agree

```
# cafe:4005 RP2040 Pico with CMSIS-DAP
SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="cafe", ATTR{idProduct}=="4005", MODE:="0666"

> ```

Reviewer: Add a note here to adjust the rule according to the VID and PID of the programmer being used.

Author: Done
